well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
president trump's declaration his
statement
that he is going to veto the defense
spending bill
because he's mad at twitter it's really
what it boils down to
he uh is demanding
that something be inserted into the
defense spending bill
that repeals section 230 of the
communications decency act
section 230 basically protects companies
like twitter
from lawsuit because they
use user generated content
he's mad because twitter fact checked
him it's really what it boils down to
and because of this he is throwing a
temper tantrum
and is willing to veto a defense
spending bill
i'm not sure if he he still
plans on vetoing it over renaming bases
that are named after confederate
generals i don't know if that's on the
table or not
he made this little declaration last
night
and politicians don't know what to do
there's a lot of talk about it oh no
call his bluff that's what you do call
his bluff
or let him go out with a bang let mr i
support the military
veto a defense spending bill that i'm
pretty sure includes a pay raise for
troops right before christmas
yeah let him do it i'm sure that that's
not going to influence the way anybody
thinks in georgia
particularly around columbus where fort
benning is
let him do it make him do it even if he
does do it what happens next
it's the ndaa this bill has been passed
every year for like the last
what 58 59 years
with massive bipartisan support it's
veto proof his veto will get overridden
that would be the perfect end to the
trump administration
call his bluff stop playing his games
this is uh the republican party's chance
to distance themselves
from president trump this is their
opportunity
and as far as democrats go
it would be a massive massive mistake to
not
send this up and have him veto it let
him do it call his bluff
i don't think that he will i don't think
he'll veto it
i don't think that he's going to want
one of his last acts
as president to be something that is
mocked
for ever
the bill's gonna get through
it's the ndaa it always gets through
there's no reason to cave to president
reject trump
he's on his way out he's done
let him upset the people of georgia
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day